OSDOCS-12513: Documented the 4.16.20 z-stream release notes (#84345)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

====

// 4.16.20
[id="ocp-4-16-20_{context}"]
=== RHSA-2024:8683 - {product-title} {product-version}.20 bug fix and security update

Issued: 06 November 2024

{product-title} release {product-version}.20 is now available. The list of bug fixes that are included in the update is documented in the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8683[RHSA-2024:8683] advisory. The RPM packages that are included in the update are provided by the link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2024:8686[RHSA-2024:8686] advisory.

Space precluded documenting all of the container images for this release in the advisory.

You can view the container images in this release by running the following command:

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm release info 4.16.20 --pullspecs
----

[id="ocp-4-16-20-bug-fixes_{context}"]
==== Bug fixes

* Previously, an invalid or unreachable identity provider (IDP) blocked updates to {hcp}. With this release, the `ValidIDPConfiguration` condition in the `HostedCluster` object now reports any IDP errors so that these errors do not block updates to {hcp}. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-43840[*OCPBUGS-43840*])

> * Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to place the possessive 's at the end of the actual term:
```suggestion
* Previously, the Machine Config Operator's (MCO's) {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])
```

> * Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])

Reviewer: I think the lack of space is preventing the backticks from rendering in the preview:
```suggestion
* Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short} `resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])
```

> * Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])

Reviewer: Update is the preferred term:
```suggestion
* Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by updating to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])
```

> * Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 and above, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])

Reviewer: Lastly, ISG's [guidance on version references](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=references-product-versions#references-to-earlier-or-later-versions) calls for saying "or later":
```suggestion
* Previously, the Machine Config Operator (MCO)'s {vmw-short}`resolve-prepender` script used `systemd` directives that were incompatible with old bootimage versions used in {product-title} 4. With this release, nodes can scale using newer bootimage versions {product-version} 4.13 or later, through manual intervention, or by upgrading to a release that includes this fix. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-42109[*OCPBUGS-42109*])
```
